Solves #500 Android / iOS scanner inconsistencies (#501)
splendo/kaluga: bluetooth/README.md

    )
} 
```

### Notes

> There is a major difference when it comes to default reported device emissions between Android and iOS. Android will report multiple emissions of the same device, as iOS will filter them out.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a major difference when it comes to the reporting of scanned devices between Android and iOS. Android report multiple scans of the same device, whereas iOS filters them out.

```

> To align the behaviour across platform the [CBCentralManagerScanOptionAllowDuplicatesKey](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/corebluetooth/cbcentralmanagerscanoptionallowduplicateskey) option is enabled on iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To align the behaviour across platforms the [CBCentralManagerScanOptionAllowDuplicatesKey](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/corebluetooth/cbcentralmanagerscanoptionallowduplicateskey) option is enabled on iOS. It can be set to another value using `ScanSettings` as shown above.
```
